demo/fwcli/README.md, before:

# Details for Using the CLI Uploader

## Setting the center and pipeline in the entrypoint script

Before you can run this demo, you need to set the variables `CENTER` and `PIPELINE` in the script `demo/fwcli/src/docker/entrypoint.sh`.

### To determine the value of `CENTER`:

1. Login to naccdata.flywheel.org.
2. On the Projects page, type `nacc` into the `Group` field.
3. Click on the NACC `metadata` project.
4. Click on the `Information` tab
5. Under custom centers click the `^` button next to `centers`
6. You should now see a list of NACC assigned ADCIDs. Find yours and click the corresponding `^` button.
7. Edit the entrypoint script, and set `CENTER` to the value listed for `group`.

A slightly quicker way, is to select a project for your center on the Projects page. 
Then look for a reference of the form `fw://<center-name>/<project-name>` at the top of the page, and use the `<center-name>` in the script.

### To determine the value for `PIPELINE`:

1. For practice submissions of form data, use `sandbox-form`.
2. For practice submissions of enrollment (aka, NACCID) form data, use `sandbox-enrollment`.

For submission of actual data, replace `sandbox` with `ingest` in the pipeline name.

## Running the demo

Follow the steps in the [top-level README](../../README.md#setting-up-demo-environment) for getting started.

> All the commands need to be run with the top-level directory of the repository as the working directory.

1. First, build the Docker image with
```bash
pants package demo/fwcli-uploader/src/docker::
```

2. Second, run the example using the command
```bash
docker run --volume ./data:/wd --env-file .env naccdata/cli-uploader
```
Note this uploads the file `data/form-data-dummyv1.csv`.
The argument `--volume ./data:/wd` indicates to Docker that you want `/wd` within the container to reference the `data` directory.

The script is hard-coded to read only the `form-data-dummyv1.csv` file from that directory, but you could change it to upload any files it finds there.

Commit message:

Add scripts to lookup center and pipeline for CLI

demo/fwcli/README.md, after:

# Details for Using the CLI Uploader

## Setting the center and pipeline in the entrypoint script

Before you can run this demo, you need to make a couple of changes in the file `demo/fwcli/src/docker/entrypoint.sh`.

### To set the center

In the line

```bash
CENTER=`center_lookup 0`
```

change the value `0` to the ADCID for your center.

### To set the pipeline

The line

```bash
PIPELINE=`pipeline_lookup -c ${CENTER} -d form -p sandbox`
```

sets the pipeline name to `sandbox-form` after confirming the pipeline project exists for your center.
In fact, you can remove the arguments following the center to get this using the defaults.
To submit enrollment form data instead, change `-d form` to `-d enrollment`.

> To submit actual data, change `-p sandbox` to `-p ingest`.

## Running the demo

Follow the steps in the [top-level README](../../README.md#setting-up-demo-environment) for getting started.

> All the commands need to be run with the top-level directory of the repository as the working directory.

1. First, build the Docker image with
```bash
pants package demo/fwcli/src/docker::
```

2. Second, run the example using the command
```bash
docker run --volume ./data:/wd --env-file .env naccdata/cli-uploader
```
Note this uploads the file `data/form-data-dummyv1.csv`.
The argument `--volume ./data:/wd` indicates to Docker that you want `/wd` within the container to reference the `data` directory.

The script is hard-coded to read only the `form-data-dummyv1.csv` file from that directory, but you could change it to upload any files it finds there.
